gh-118761: Improve import time by lazy import of `traceback` (#129811)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-02-07-17-04-08.gh-issue-118761.hkNOEA.rst

> Improve import time of various stdlib modules by lazy import ``traceback``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the import time of several modules by lazy importing :mod:`traceback`.
```
